docs/index.asciidoc, before:

:plugin: nagios
:type: output
:default_codec: plain

///////////////////////////////////////////
START - GENERATED VARIABLES, DO NOT EDIT!
///////////////////////////////////////////
:version: %VERSION%
:release_date: %RELEASE_DATE%
:changelog_url: %CHANGELOG_URL%
:include_path: ../../../../logstash/docs/include
///////////////////////////////////////////
END - GENERATED VARIABLES, DO NOT EDIT!
///////////////////////////////////////////

[id="plugins-{type}s-{plugin}"]

=== Nagios output plugin

include::{include_path}/plugin_header.asciidoc[]

==== Description

The Nagios output is used for sending passive check results to Nagios via the
Nagios command file. This output currently supports Nagios 3.

For this output to work, your event _must_ have the following Logstash event fields:

 * `nagios_host`
 * `nagios_service`

These Logstash event fields are supported, but optional:

 * `nagios_annotation`
 * `nagios_level` (overrides `nagios_level` configuration option)

There are two configuration options:

 * `commandfile` - The location of the Nagios external command file. Defaults
   to '/var/lib/nagios3/rw/nagios.cmd'
 * `nagios_level` - Specifies the level of the check to be sent. Defaults to
   CRITICAL and can be overriden by setting the "nagios_level" field to one
   of "OK", "WARNING", "CRITICAL", or "UNKNOWN"
[source,ruby]
    output{
      if [message] =~ /(error|ERROR|CRITICAL)/ {
        nagios {
          # your config here
        }
      }
    }


[id="plugins-{type}s-{plugin}-options"]
==== Nagios Output Configuration Options

This plugin supports the following configuration options plus the <<plugins-{type}s-{plugin}-common-options>> described later.

[cols="<,<,<",options="header",]
|=======================================================================
|Setting |Input type|Required
| <<plugins-{type}s-{plugin}-commandfile>> |<<,>>|No
| <<plugins-{type}s-{plugin}-nagios_level>> |<<string,string>>, one of `["0", "1", "2", "3"]`|No
|=======================================================================

Also see <<plugins-{type}s-{plugin}-common-options>> for a list of options supported by all
output plugins.

&nbsp;

[id="plugins-{type}s-{plugin}-commandfile"]
===== `commandfile` 

  * Value type is <<string,string>>
  * Default value is `"/var/lib/nagios3/rw/nagios.cmd"`

The full path to your Nagios command file.

[id="plugins-{type}s-{plugin}-nagios_level"]
===== `nagios_level` 

  * Value can be any of: `0`, `1`, `2`, `3`
  * Default value is `"2"`

The Nagios check level. Should be one of 0=OK, 1=WARNING, 2=CRITICAL,
3=UNKNOWN. Defaults to 2 - CRITICAL.



[id="plugins-{type}s-{plugin}-common-options"]
include::{include_path}/{type}.asciidoc[]

:default_codec!:

Commit message:

Explication of how to install the plugin
[Older versions documetation](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/logstash/6.8/plugins-outputs-nagios.html#_getting_help_79) explained how to install the plugin. It would be nice not to loose that info in the newer ones.

docs/index.asciidoc, after:

:plugin: nagios
:type: output
:default_codec: plain

///////////////////////////////////////////
START - GENERATED VARIABLES, DO NOT EDIT!
///////////////////////////////////////////
:version: %VERSION%
:release_date: %RELEASE_DATE%
:changelog_url: %CHANGELOG_URL%
:include_path: ../../../../logstash/docs/include
///////////////////////////////////////////
END - GENERATED VARIABLES, DO NOT EDIT!
///////////////////////////////////////////

[id="plugins-{type}s-{plugin}"]

=== Nagios output plugin

include::{include_path}/plugin_header.asciidoc[]

==== Installation

For plugins not bundled by default, it is easy to install by running bin/logstash-plugin install logstash-output-nagios. See Working with plugins for more details.

==== Description

The Nagios output is used for sending passive check results to Nagios via the
Nagios command file. This output currently supports Nagios 3.

For this output to work, your event _must_ have the following Logstash event fields:

 * `nagios_host`
 * `nagios_service`

These Logstash event fields are supported, but optional:

 * `nagios_annotation`
 * `nagios_level` (overrides `nagios_level` configuration option)

There are two configuration options:

 * `commandfile` - The location of the Nagios external command file. Defaults
   to '/var/lib/nagios3/rw/nagios.cmd'
 * `nagios_level` - Specifies the level of the check to be sent. Defaults to
   CRITICAL and can be overriden by setting the "nagios_level" field to one
   of "OK", "WARNING", "CRITICAL", or "UNKNOWN"
[source,ruby]
    output{
      if [message] =~ /(error|ERROR|CRITICAL)/ {
        nagios {
          # your config here
        }
      }
    }


[id="plugins-{type}s-{plugin}-options"]
==== Nagios Output Configuration Options

This plugin supports the following configuration options plus the <<plugins-{type}s-{plugin}-common-options>> described later.

[cols="<,<,<",options="header",]
|=======================================================================
|Setting |Input type|Required
| <<plugins-{type}s-{plugin}-commandfile>> |<<,>>|No
| <<plugins-{type}s-{plugin}-nagios_level>> |<<string,string>>, one of `["0", "1", "2", "3"]`|No
|=======================================================================

Also see <<plugins-{type}s-{plugin}-common-options>> for a list of options supported by all
output plugins.

&nbsp;

[id="plugins-{type}s-{plugin}-commandfile"]
===== `commandfile` 

  * Value type is <<string,string>>
  * Default value is `"/var/lib/nagios3/rw/nagios.cmd"`

The full path to your Nagios command file.

[id="plugins-{type}s-{plugin}-nagios_level"]
===== `nagios_level` 

  * Value can be any of: `0`, `1`, `2`, `3`
  * Default value is `"2"`

The Nagios check level. Should be one of 0=OK, 1=WARNING, 2=CRITICAL,
3=UNKNOWN. Defaults to 2 - CRITICAL.



[id="plugins-{type}s-{plugin}-common-options"]
include::{include_path}/{type}.asciidoc[]

:default_codec!:
